Fixes #536: make export.csv configurable if it computes property types upfront (#2041)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/partials/usage/apoc.export.csv.all.adoc

"

|===

You can use the configuration `sampling` (default: `false`).

> With this config, the `apoc.export.csv.all` procedure use under the hood

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this config, the `apoc.export.csv.all` procedure uses
```

> the `apoc.meta.nodeTypeProperties` and the `apoc.meta.relTypeProperties` procedure to get the property types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `apoc.meta.nodeTypeProperties` and the `apoc.meta.relTypeProperties` procedures under the hood to get the property types.
```

You can customize the configuration of these 2 `apoc.meta.*` procedure, using the `samplingConfig: MAP` configuration, 
to limit the number of nodes/rels to analyze.

> So you can execute with the following dataset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So you can execute with the following data set
```

[source,cypher]
----
CREATE (:User:Sample {`last:Name`:'Galilei'}), (:User:Sample {address:'Universe'}), 
    (:User:Sample {foo:'bar'})-[:KNOWS {one: 'two', three: 'four'}]->(:User:Sample {baz:'baa', foo: true})
----

> the following query: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combined with the following query: 
```

[source,cypher]
----
CALL apoc.export.csv.all('movies.csv', {sampling: true, samplingConfig: {sample: 1}})
----

.Results
[opts="header"]
|===
| file         | source                        | format | nodes | relationships | properties    | time | rows | batchSize  | batches    | done | data
| "movies.csv" | "database: nodes(4), rels(1)" | "csv"  | 4     | 1             | 3             | 4   | 5   | 20000         | 1         | TRUE | NULL
|===

> with a content similar to this (with `sample` the result could change):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execution of the above query would output content similar to that below (result could change depending on the `sample`):
```
